chore: add blogs (#608)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2024-06-18-ebpf-rust/index.md

---
date: '2024-06-18T17:20:05.000Z'

> title: 'eBPF: Enabling security and performance to co-exist'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Zero to Performance Hero: How to Benchmark and Profile Your eBPF Code in Rust'
```
